Did you know this Star Wars puppet takes
four people to operate?
I am in a green screen suit about to
attempt to puppet this little [music]
guy.
>> I am puppeteering the hand and the body.
>> I'm working the feet right now. I am
operating just the right hand today.
>> And I'm doing the head and body.
>> So, what is it like being an Nzelan?
[music]
Okay, we're getting out of here.
It was finally my
>> Take a couple steps.
>> Okay, my first attempt didn't exactly go
as smooth as I had planned.
>> Action.
>> That didn't look good.
>> No.
>> That's okay.
>> Then it was time for the real deal.
>> We're going to put you in a green screen
suit and then we're going to remove you
and we'll see what it looks like when
you perform him. Action.
>> [music]
>> That's pretty good.
>> How would you rate that?
>> That was a 10. Solid 10.
>> [laughter]